w-12273311-Reuse types first draft (#235)
mulesoft/docs-dataweave: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-type-system.adoc

  text: read({data: "Hello World", name: "myFile.txt"})
}
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[reuse_types]]
```

> == Reuse Types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[reuse_types]]
== Reuse Types
```

Adding that anchor so I can link to it directly from What's New. This way, even if the title of the section ever changes, the link will still work.

> You can either declare or use types in the same DataWeave script, see xref:dataweave-type-system.adoc[], or you can reuse types from different sources by loading them with their specific module loader. DataWeave currently supports loading types from:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can declare and use types within the same DataWeave script (see xref:dataweave-type-system.adoc[]), or you can reuse types from different sources by loading them with a type-specific module loader. DataWeave supports loading types from:
```

> You can declare and use types within the same DataWeave script (see xref:dataweave-type-system.adoc[]), or you can reuse types from different sources by loading them with a type-specific module loader. DataWeave currently supports loading types from:

Author: Yes, they all work (just tested them out again in case).

> You can declare and use types within the same DataWeave script (see xref:dataweave-type-system.adoc[]), or you can reuse types from different sources by loading them with a type-specific module loader. DataWeave currently supports loading types from:

Author: Reworded.

* xref:dataweave-type-reuse-modules.adoc[]
* xref:dataweave-type-reuse-json-schema.adoc[]
* xref:dataweave-type-reuse-module-loader.adoc[]
* xref:dataweave-type-reuse-java-classes.adoc[]

> Module loaders are used to load different files as DataWeave modules containing functions, variables, types, and namespaces. For example, using the prefix `java!` or `xmlschema!` in the import directive tells DataWeave to use the respective module loader so the Java class or the XML schema is loaded as a DataWeave module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Module loaders are used to load different files as DataWeave modules containing functions, variables, types, and namespaces. For example, using the prefix `java!` or `xmlschema!` in the `import` directive tells DataWeave to use the respective module loader so the Java class or the XML schema is loaded as a DataWeave module.
```

> Module loaders are used to load different files as DataWeave modules containing functions, variables, types, and namespaces. For example, using the prefix `java!` or `xmlschema!` in the import directive tells DataWeave to use the respective module loader so the Java class or the XML schema is loaded as a DataWeave module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Module loaders are used to load different files as DataWeave modules containing functions, variables, types, and namespaces. Using a prefix such as `java!` or `xmlschema!` in the import directive tells DataWeave which module loader to use when loading the Java class or the XML schema as a DataWeave module.
```

Reviewer: do they contain functions, variables, etc. or _definitions of_ functions, variables, etc.?

> Module loaders are used to load files as DataWeave modules, where different parts of those files can be loaded as DataWeave functions, variables, types, and namespace definitions. Using a prefix such as `java!` or `xmlschema!` in the import directive tells DataWeave which module loader to use when loading the Java class or the XML schema as a DataWeave module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Module loaders are used to load files as DataWeave modules, in which different parts of those files are loaded as DataWeave functions, variables, types, and namespace definitions. Using a prefix such as `java!` or `xmlschema!` in the import directive tells DataWeave which module loader to use when loading the Java class or XML schema as a DataWeave module.
```

Author: Modified.
